Create ui-c8y-1021-0-0-fix-disable-alarms-refresh-section-when-be-returns-403-status-7050.md (#2574)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1021-0-0-fix-disable-alarms-refresh-section-when-be-returns-403-status-7050.md

---
date: ""

> title: Disable alarms refresh button when user lacks access to any alarms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Disable alarms refresh controls when user lacks access to alarms
```

> title: fix: disable alarms refresh section when BE returns 403 status (#7050)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Disable alarms refresh button when user lacks access to any alarms
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-59579
version: 1021.0.0
---

> fix: disable alarms refresh section when BE returns 403 status (#7050)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
The alarms refresh section is now disabled when users lack permission to refresh alarms.
```

> The alarms refresh section is now disabled when users lack permission to refresh alarms.

Reviewer: @DawidSAG What is meant by section? The ticket mentions auto-refresh and in the title it says "button". What is correct?

Reviewer 2: Title says when user lacks "access to any alarms" but description says "permission to refresh alarms.". These should be aligned to clearly indicate the specific permission that is required by the user

Reviewer 3: This task involves disabling an entire section of buttons when a user lacks access to alarms (Alarms list view).

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c034e85a-850f-440c-aed6-9cbee057b269)

Reviewer 3: @BeateRixen @rahultsag what about:
title: Disable alarms refresh controls when user lacks access to alarms
and 
description: The auto-refresh controls and manual refresh button are disabled when user lacks access to alarms.

Reviewer: Sounds good to me. But should be "The auto-refresh controls and the manual refresh button are now disabled when the user lacks access to alarms."

> The alarms refresh section is now disabled when users lack permission to refresh alarms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The auto-refresh controls and the manual refresh button are now disabled when the user lacks access to alarms.
```
